Fix long facts caching on second role import (#353)
tarantool/ansible-cartridge: CHANGELOG.md

README.md to use the newest tag with new release
-->

> ### Fixed

Reviewer: Add description of PR

Author: What?

Reviewer: Pull Request)

Author: It already has a description ;)

> - Long facts caching when playbook has two or more role imports

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Long facts caching when playbook has two or more role imports.
```

> - Long facts caching when playbook consists of two or more plays

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Long facts caching when playbook consists of two or more role imports.
```
